[ADD] hr_employee_cost_history: Updates employee hourly cost ret… (#635)
OCA/timesheet: hr_timesheet_retroactive_cost/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

This module allows to retroactive change employee's timesheet costs from a given

> date and logs them in a separate table.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** I think this will help the reader a bit more to understand how it works.

```suggestion
date onwards, and logs cost changes in a separate table.
```
